---
layout:     post
title:      18个高级英语词汇形容“很好” 
subtitle:    
date:       2021-02-04
author:     BY
header-img: img/post-bg-kuaidi.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - Xcode
    - iOS
---

##  

[18个高级英语词汇形容“很好” 瞬间提升逼格！](http://yingyu.xdf.cn/201705/10651987.html)

　也许你比强一点，还知道awesome. 但是，就没有别的高级表达了吗?

　　这不，我发愤图强学了18个awesome的同义词，感觉整个世界都亮了!

　　1、thriven and thro

　　极好的，卓越的

　　Thriven here appears to derive from the sense meaning ‘advanced in growth’, but thro is not found– instead it was used in the 14th, 15th, and 16th centuries to mean ‘stubborn’. Together, as ‘thriven and thro’, they were an epithet used in alliterative poetry to call someone excellent.

　　这里thriven的含义由‘快速生长’而来，但是并没发现thro从何处演化而来——相反，在14、15、16世纪它意为‘固执的’。‘thriven and thro’放到一起，在头韵诗歌里用来称赞某人是卓越的。

　　2、gradely

　　出色的，漂亮的

　　Although the earliest known sense of gradely probably referred to people and meant ‘ready’or‘prompt’, by 1400 the word could be used to refer to objects – to label them awesome. You might not be understood if you said this in London or Cornwall, but it’s still wide in use in the north of England.

　　虽然gradely原意指人，意为“准备好的”，“迅速的”，但是到1400年时这个词就用来指物，说明某物是极好的。如果你在伦敦或者康沃尔使用这个词，人们可能无法理解你在说什么，但是在英格兰北部，这个词仍然被广泛使用。

　　3、eximious

　　优良的，卓越的

　　Eximious comes from Latin eximius, meaning ‘select, choice, outstanding, exceptional’. And it was common in 17th-century literature as a way of describing someone distinguished.

　　Eximious由拉丁单词eximius演化而来，意为“精选的”、“仔细推敲的”、“杰出的”、“超常的”。Eximious形容某人卓越优秀，在十七世纪的文学中被广泛使用。

　　4、jelly

　　优秀的

　　Around 1560, according to current research – jelly may be related in some way to jolly, although the phonetic change has no parallel. The use is also a little different – describing someone excellent, but with a high opinion of themselves.

　　1560年左右，根据当时的一个报告，在某种程度上人们把jelly和jolly联系在一起，虽然两者的发音并不相同。但是jelly的用法有一点不同——他指某个人很优秀，但是主观色彩浓厚。

　　5、topgallant

　　最高的，最佳的

　　Originally a nautical noun, relating to the head of the topmast, the adjective later developed from this literal sense to a figurative one, to designate anything lofty or grand.

　　Topgallant原本是一个描述航海的名词，指的是中桅的最高处。其形容词词义后来从其字面意义发展为比喻意义，指某物崇高或者伟大。

　　6、prestantious

　　卓越的

　　From the Latin praestāntia, meaning ‘excellence’, this adjective has the distinction of being both rare and obsolete – with only one instance recorded in the OED.

　　Prestantious由拉丁词汇praestāntia演化而来，意为“卓越”，“优秀”。这个形容词还有“稀少的”和“老式的”的意思——仅在牛津词典中有一个收录的例子。

　　7、gallows

　　美妙的，卓越的

　　The earliest sense of the adjective gallows means ‘fit for the gallows’ – that is, deserving to be hanged. In the same way that wicked and bloody have come to mean their reverse, gallows became a slang adjective meaning ‘excellent ’, first found in 1789.

　　形容词gallows本意为‘适合绞刑架的’——也就是说应该被绞死的。Wicked和bloody的意义也与其本意相反，同样1789年俚语gallows作为“优秀的”的含义第一次被发现。

　　8、budgeree

　　绝妙的，顶好的

　　This Australian colloquialism dates back to the 18th century, and derives from an Aboriginal language.

　　这个澳大利亚方言可以追溯到18世纪，是由土著居民的语言演化而来。

　　9、supernacular

　　极好的

　　Particularly used to describe drinks, supernacular is the adjective equivalent of the slang noun supernaculum, meaning ‘a drink to be consumed to the last drop’.

　　专指酒，Supernacular是名词俚语supernaculum的形容词形式。supernaculum用来形容一饮而尽的酒。

　　10、jam / jam-up

　　极好的，卓越的

　　From the adverb jam or jam-up (meaning ‘closely, in close contact ’) developed the adjectival meaning ‘excellent, perfect, thorough’, in colloquial use. One could thus, conceivably, jam up jam-up jam, if you were stacking shelves of awesome strawberry preserve.

　　在口语中，该词由副词jam或者jam-up(意为‘亲密的，紧密联系’)演化为形容词，意为‘卓越的，完美的，详尽的’。

　　11、boss

　　卓越的，精巧的

　　The adjective boss, meaning ‘excellent, masterly’, developed earlier than one might imagine from attributive use of the noun in collocation with occupational titles, e.g. ‘boss shoemaker’, ‘boss carpenter’, etc.— the first truly adjectival use recorded in the OED is from 1881: ‘No country in the world could make such a boss-show as the United States.’

　　形容词boss意为‘卓越的，精巧的’，其发展历史要比其作为名词定语，置于职业名称之前的历史还要长。例如，‘卓越的制鞋匠’，‘卓越的木匠’等。据牛津词典记载，boss第一次作为形容词使用是在1881年：‘世界上没有任何一个国家可以像美国一样做出如此卓越的表演。’

　　12、fizzing

　　卓越的

　　Many verbs have come to have an adjectival slang sense of ‘excellent’ – such as ripping, topping, and rattling. Fizzing is another example.

　　许多动词的形容词都有一层俚语含义，意为‘卓越的’。例如，ripping、topping、和rattling。Fizzing 也是一个例子。

　　13、bad

　　好的，令人敬畏的

　　Bad can, of course, be the antonym of awesome, but its slang use to mean ‘good’ is well-known – popularized by the 1987 Michael Jackson song ‘Bad’.

　　可想而知，bad是awesome的反义词，但是迈克尔·杰克逊的歌曲‘Bad’，使bad作为‘好的，令人敬畏的’的含义为众人所知晓。

　　14、deevy

　　极好的

　　Deevy is an alteration of divvy, which is (in turn) a slang abbreviation of divine. Early uses cited in OED include examples from the works of Elinor Glyn, Vita Sackville West, and E.F. Benson.

　　Deevy是divvy的变形，divvy是divine的俚语缩写形式。其早期的用法在牛津词典中有所提及。

　　15、v.g.

　　极好的

　　V.g. – as an initialism for ‘very good’ – may well not be new to you, but you might be surprised to find that it’s been part of the English language since at least as far back as the 1860s.

　　V.g.是‘very good’的首字母缩略词–这可能对你来说并不新奇，但是你会很惊讶的发现至少从19世纪60年代以来，v.g.就已经是组成英语的一部分了。

　　16、bosker

　　极好的

　　This Australian and New Zealand slang adjective, of unknown origin, also appears in the form boscar and boshter. More familiar will be the similar bonzer (also meaning ‘extremely good’), which – it has been suggested – may be an alteration of bonanza.

　　Bosker是澳大利亚和新西兰的形容词俚语，出处不明，也以boscar和boshter的形式出现。我们可能更加熟悉bonzer(也意为‘极好的’)，据说它是bonanza的变形。

　　17

　　jake

　　卓越的

　　This originally American adjective is now used further afield. If you want some alternatives, Australian and New Zealand slang have jakeloo, jakealoo, and jakerloo.

　　Jake作为一个美国的形容词，现在在更加广泛的地区使用，如果你要找一些jake的替代词，澳大利亚和新西兰俚语中的jakeloo, jakealoo,和jakerloo都是不错的选择。

　　18、bodacious

　　极好的

　　Although dating back to the 19th century with the sense ‘complete, thorough’, this adjective later appeared in American slang as a synonym for awesome. The word was greatly popularized by the teen film Bill and Ted’s Excellent Adventure (1989).

　　上溯到19世纪，bodacious意为‘完全的，整个的’，后来这个形容词作为awesome的同义词出现在美国俚语中。《比尔和泰德历险记》使bodacious这个词开始流行。
